feat(content-releases): add status to releases (#19502)
strapi/strapi: docs/docs/docs/01-core/content-releases/00-intro.md

<DocCardList items={useCurrentSidebarCategory().items} />
```

### Release's status

Releases are assigned one of five statuses:

> - **Ready**: Release is ready for publishing without any invalid entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Ready**: Indicates that the release is fully prepared for publishing, with no invalid entries present.
```

> - **Blocked**: Release has at least one invalid entry preventing publishing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Blocked**: Denotes a release with at least one invalid entry, hindering its publishing process.
```

> - **Empty**: Release contains no entries and cannot be published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Empty**: Signifies that the release lacks any entries and thus cannot be published.
```

> - **Failed**: Publishing attempt for the release has failed, with no changes since then.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Failed**: Indicates that the publishing attempt for the release has encountered an error with no changes since then.
```

> - **Done**: Release has been successfully published without errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Done**: Confirms that the release has been successfully published without encountering any errors.
```

> These statuses are dynamically updated based on actions such as creation, addition/removal of entries, updates, and publishing attempts. They provide a concise overview of release readiness and validity, ensuring smooth operations and data integrity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These statuses are subject to dynamic updates triggered by various actions such as creation, addition/removal of entries, updates, and publishing attempts. They offer a succinct overview of release readiness and validity, facilitating smooth operations and maintaining data integrity.
```
